[Music]
welcome to a breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] today we are
checking out a really famous disturbed
yet funny feeling called dog tooth but
before we even get started
let me give you guys a proposition so
that's what dog to this film is about
how a man keeps his three kids isolated
from all society in fact they are grown
now still acting like kids and
brainwashed to believe nonsense at times
I do want to see what happens including
all the messed up parts stay tuned for a
breakdown the movie starts off with
recording telling a bunch of nameless
young adults the words of the day it
seems this is their little homeschool
lesson for them the girl is - Otis this
guy is the middle and this girl is the
youngest the youngest says let's play an
endurance game when we hold our fingers
under hot water to see who lasts longest
although the kids all communicate
awkwardly and the middle one even
struggles to name the game we then cut
to a car ride where a woman's security
guards being driven somewhere with their
eyes closed
it's some man driving her who happens to
be the dad with the three young ones we
saw he asked a girl named Christina if
she is all cleaned up since like
Christina is about to let her body be
used if that was a question the man
drives to a spot getting out to hang of
no enter sign before turning into a
secluded area taking off the girls I
cover ease the father walks in on the
middle brother telling him Christina is
here the man sets up the bed and closes
the door and we see the two get ready
for the most Awkward sex ever but wow
this dude ain't even excited down there
most guys get excited from seeing a
single breast the bed is too loud to
even comfortably have sex on so let's
see what the older sister is doing Oh
looks like she's talking to Christina
the security guard I guess the brother
didn't last too long
looks like that was all she was here for
it too and she must go even though the
two sisters are very intrigued with her
oh but before you go how about I record
those awkward video everywhere
doing is sitting there she's smiling
like he's gonna kill her family if she
doesn't show them T then we see the kids
playing around
sparring like some Goku vs. Vegeta type
[ __ ] meanwhile the youngest sister is
cutting off the body parts of her dolls
while also screaming in my ears then we
see the brother trying to get all
dressed up tying the tie and look and
fly maybe homie got a date well the
sisters are getting dressed up too looks
like they do that all to eat dinner I
sorta wish I could eat dinner like this
one day but we get a hint of realization
about the kids brainwashing when the
youngest one acts the mom to pass me the
phone please pass me the phone who you
finna call with that seems like the
parents don't want her to know what a
phone is it seems like the kids are
rewarded with stickers and whoever has
the most gets to choose exactly what
they want to do when it comes to
recreational activities their brother
says let's watch spooky rice and it's
always you get to see a fan of the
channel even in the movies who knew they
would enjoy the bestest third film
channel on YouTube well enough jokes
they are actually watching some homemade
videos whose consists of the family it's
even more obvious how isolated the kids
are from the real world then after
seeing the brother clean dad's car he
talks to some hedges saying that they
are complete garbage of washing the car
maybe he is talking to someone he thinks
is over there he even throws projectiles
over the wall as a punishment he's got a
whole mouth washing his mouth for a
while then we see the family washes the
dad gets in the car before the sister
gets entry dat a plain saying she'll get
the plane if it falls before getting the
living taste slapped out of her mouth by
mom who replies with whoever deserves it
will get the plane if I heard what they
said inside us in public I would have
burst out laughing it's so random and
not makes sense we see the father being
led into a compound by Cristina
it's like he's relatively successful
then we see the two sisters play a game
sniffing something drug that makes you
fall asleep when you breathe it I forgot
what it was called but Asian 47 uses
that a lot whoever wakes up first wins
the game
well then we see the parents get
ready for bed but seeing how the father
is climbing on top must mean we have
another awkward sex scene then we see
the young ones playing what seems to be
a sticker gaming game
I guess whoever finds mom first gets the
most stickers then we see a sister
throwing slices of bread over the walls
just like they think they have a sibling
on the outside then the father picks up
Christina for sex again in the house
Christina is mad at the brother because
he won't eat her kitty right he prefers
this awkward doggy style
we then see Christina talked to the
older sister closing the door she asked
the sister if she likes her headband
offering to give it to her to return for
something well Christina takes her pants
off saying if she eats her kitty she'll
get the headband it's kind of funny
seeing her eat the kitty to tease like
the sister likes it though because she
has her sister she will lick her well
the older sisters has to lick her
shoulder though also the two sisters
even think their mom talks to herself
unaware that she uses a telephone then
the two siblings fight over an airplane
really getting at it the older sister
throws it out but then one of the girls
randomly grabs the brothers arms and
slashes him spraying blood everywhere
well of course she got her [ __ ] kicked
in by momma the brother as that to get
the airplane and the dad gets in his car
drives a few feet gets a toy and drives
right back in he really doesn't want his
kids to know they can go outside safely
then we see the brothers scared at night
so he gets in bed with mommy and daddy
boys you don't get your big ass back to
bed even though they look like adults if
you're treated and brainwashed to be a
child I guess you are a child wait wait
wait look us the kitty cat it seems that
the three kids are scared out of their
minds the creature who was just minding
his own business I mean it's just a cat
and what are you doing with those garden
tools bro plus I don't know any Shrike
has to just stand still as soon as I
even lick in the direction of a cat it's
running off like Barry Allen okay guys
look it's not called disturbing
breakdown for nothing we see the brother
murder the cat and it kind of made me
flinch a little y'all want to know why
okay warning giving you'll hear this
urban cat cries so either mute until the
time it says in the middle of the screen
or skip to that time sorry
that's called you guys but at least it
can't get any worse oops spoke too soon
we then see the father who paints
himself in fake blood and ripped his
clothes he tells the siblings out there
brother behind the wall is dead ripped
to pieces by a cat he caused the cat the
most dangerous animal out there teaching
the whole family to act like dogs to
scare the cat's away that was kind of
cute later they even have a little
funeral for their nonexistent brother
behind the wall then we see the TV
playing some spooky rice not just
playing it straight up porn y'all looks
like this is how the couple gets down
and dirty at dinner the dad tells
nonsense to the kids like they can't
leave until their dog to come out and
even then they must wait till he grows
back to learn how to drive then we get
an awkward conversation the sister saw
the word [ __ ] on a foreign tape that
the parents were watching making the mom
explain that a [ __ ] is just a light
bulb then a dad plays Frank Sinatra's
fly me to the moon saying that this is
their grandfather translating the song
to the kids into some entirely different
lyrics but the family dances to it
anyway then we see Christina and the
Otis arguing saying she won't lick her
keyboard if she doesn't trade her some
of her Hollywood movies well Christina
really wants her keyboard licked
so looks like he's a deal we then seen
the oh just watching the movies in
secret and almost get caught by dad we
then see her reenacting dial off on the
rocky balboa movies and then this that
has to be the silliest scene i've seen
all year well this reenact think of
movies creeps out her siblings in a pool
acting like what I'm guessing his jaws
in the
eventually dad finds the tapes he duct
tapes the tapes on his hand and beats
the everliving out of his daughter with
it on the head I can't even lie though
she took that's like a gangster I would
have been crying then we see the dad
went to Christina's home grabbing a VHS
and knocks the spirit out of Christina
cursing her future kids this felt like
something I've seen The Sopranos then
the parents hear the brother crying it
turns out he got hit with a hammer by
the sister who is lying saying that it
was a cat who had the hammer well to
keep up the brainwashing he punishes the
brother then the parents talk quietly
like this to see who will replace
Christina the dad suggests that the
oldest daughter will replace her we
didn't see the big tittied sisters
sharing a bag with the brother he has
his eyes closed
choosing which sister he wants by
filling on them he chooses the oldest
and she is groomed by mom to have sex
with her brother
they awkwardly get each other ready for
sex although it's kind of funny hearing
the oldest reenact movie dialogue and
anger against the brother then we see
the parents of waiting anniversary is
coming and the kids celebrate by dancing
awkwardly you wouldn't see me dancing
like that in my prom we didn't see the
youngest getting tired and the oldest
began dancing her own little reenactment
from the movie Flashdance seems like the
family is disturbed by her really cool
moves the mom picks her up and exhausted
eat some cake like they got plenty more
then we see her in the bathroom with a
dumbbell she hits herself with it
completely making me flinch for the
first time in disturbing breakdown
history like I really turned away each
time she hits herself again spraying
blood on a mirror and once more her
mouth is dripping blood and we see she
has finally got rid of her dog tooth she
walks out to the dangers garden blood
all on her she walks to the trunk hiding
inside the youngest daughter then licks
on her death awkwardly licking more
asking for a harpoon he then discovers
the dog tooth of the oldest sibling
frantically running to find the daughter
he can't find her at all and the others
come outside barking I'm saying Bruce
which was the name the oldest chose for
herself from a Hollywood movie well it
looks like the sister is gone and all
they have left is each other but kissing
like this is out of the question to your
siblings brother the movie insist the
father goes to work unaware that his
daughter is in the back trunk what do
you guys think is gonna happen would she
leave the trunk or would she stay in the
trunk forever I don't know but what I do
know is we aren't done yet it's time to
look at the mostess third moment and
most enjoy moment in that spooky stuff
[Music]
okay let's get right into it the most
disturbing women from me is personally
the dumbbell hitting scene that violence
to herself just seems so real
what dedication the actress has if it
was the most enjoy well it was probably
I don't know there were so many funny
parts but I guess for my sake I always
had to slap the mama gave the eldest I
just burst out laughing at that nonsense
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
if you haven't already consider checking
out some of these other disturbed movies
and this play this on the right thanks
for 3000 subscribers as well and if
you're new consider clicking on that
nice spooky rice logo to subscribe today
thanks for watching
spooky out